# Hello, I'm pvini07BR.
...or you can just call me pvini.

I'm a coding hobbyist from Brazil that enjoys coding and experimenting with project ideas that I find interesting. Most of them are game development related, but I also like to explore and learn more about programming in general, such as game engine development, low level programming, networking, maybe even web development if it is somehow related with games or some fun idea. And also, I learn by doing instead of spending hours watching tutorials or reading documentation. If I have a cool project idea on mind, I will try to execute it even if I don't have the needed skills or knowledge for it. I will learn on my way! And of course, with no pressure.

I've tried lots of different languages, but I developed more proficiency on languages like C and C++, and also Godot Engine. I like the simplicity of the C language, but I'm also open to experimenting with other low level languages like Rust, Zig, Odin and others.

Unfortunately, most of my projects here on GitHub are not finished, but I can still list the interesting project ideas that I'm currently working on, or will still work on.

## My Projects
Each entry will present either an existing repo to a existing game, or just present a project idea. It will also present a brief description of the project, and my thoughts and experiences on it.

- [VIRUS HAVOC](https://github.com/pvini07BR/virus-havoc-prototype): This is a game about a 2D space shooter where you fight against malwares on the internet. I know, it sounds generic, but trust me, I will make it a interesting game. Currently it is on a prototyping phase, because not even me is quite sure what to put on the game or how to make it actually interesting, but I believe I'll figure it out. You can play an old prototype of the game [here](https://pvini07br.itch.io/virus-havoc) (this link does not go to same game as the link on this entry). The game is being remade from the ground up though, because the old prototype was made when I was just starting out on programming. Different from my other projects, this one will require more than just knowing how to code. I will not explain everything about the game here because it's too much lol.

- [squarebox](https://github.com/pvini07BR/squarebox): This is a 2D minecraft clone written in C, with the goal of being a clone more focused on creativity and being a sandbox. You can click on the link to read the README and see more about the game. But this project has been rewritten a thousand times in a thousand different languages and engines because I was struggling to make a robust codebase that didn't feel messy or unoptimized. But I promise this is the last time I will rewrite this project... I think.

- [3DSky](https://github.com/pvini07BR/3dsky): This is a Bluesky client for the Nintendo 3DS, and I think this is the most interesting project I did so far. Not only this is something no one else did, it's also the repo that got the most stars! This project has been possible thanks to the fact that the Bluesky API is open, and there is curl for the Nintendo 3DS and a graphics library. Then all you had to do is glue it all together to make an user interface. However I must confess, it was pain to work with. 3DS homebrew development is something that has too little documentation and tutorial, and most forums, chats and Discord servers about that were really dead, so there was almost no one to help me on this project. Debugging homebrew apps on the 3DS is not very practical, and the program crashed a lot, and when it crashes, it crashes the whole system instead of just the program. And I also struggled with threading, specially because of the lack of documentation, and trying to make it work properly without crashing. Unfortunately I ended up dropping the project, I'm not sure if I will return to it someday, but I think the existence of the repo is enough to prove... something.

- Instanced r/place game clone: This is an idea for a project where each player can host their own instance/server of an r/place like game. They will be able to tweak settings like the color palette, timer duration, canvas size, maybe even moderation tools to whitelist your instance/server or ban users. The original idea was to code a client and server on some language so that users can create their dedicated servers and host them like Minecraft. But an even better idea would be to make some sort of platform online where you can register yourself and create instances and play them, all on the web. Not only this makes things more practical for the users, it will also enable a better control and moderation over the users. The problem however is that I'm not too experienced on web development, but I think I will figure it out eventually. Also, currently I don't have a name for this project.

- An procedural country/nation maker: This is the idea of a project where there is an procedurally generated planet, and you can define borders to create a nation or country, and you could even snap the boundaries to mountains or rivers, just like in real life. I'm not quite sure where I would want to go with this project idea, but I think it would be interesting to try it out.

## Contact
If you liked any of my projects, and would like to see it grow, or help and contribute to it, feel free to do so! My dream is to make coding projects that people will enjoy, and build something great together.

If you need to reach or contact me, or ask me a question, feel free to reach me on [Twitter](https://x.com/pvini07BR) or DM me on Discord (pvini07BR).
